adding 'virtual network peering' resource (#421)
inspec/inspec-azure: docs/resources/azure_virtual_network_peering.md

---
title: About the azure_virtual_network_peering Resource
platform: azure
---

# azure_virtual_network_peering

> Use the `azure_virtual_network_peering` InSpec audit resource to test properties related to a peering for a given virtual network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `azure_virtual_network_peering` InSpec audit resource to test properties related to a peering for a virtual network.
```

Author: fixed

## Azure REST API version, endpoint and http client parameters

This resource interacts with api versions supported by the resource provider.
The `api_version` can be defined as a resource parameter.
If not provided, the latest version will be used.
For more information, refer to [`azure_generic_resource`](azure_generic_resource.md).

Unless defined, `azure_cloud` global endpoint, and default values for the http client will be used.
For more information, refer to the resource pack [README](../../README.md). 

## Availability

### Installation

This resource is available in the [InSpec Azure resource pack](https://github.com/inspec/inspec-azure). 
For an example `inspec.yml` file and how to set up your Azure credentials, refer to resource pack [README](../../README.md#Service-Principal).

## Syntax

> `resource_group`, `vnet` and `name` or the `resource_id` must be given as a parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`resource_group`, `vnet` and either `name` or `resource_id` are required parameters.
```
Is this correct--this resource has a total of 3 required parameters?

Author: fixed

```ruby
describe azure_virtual_network_peering(resource_group: 'MyResourceGroup',vnet: 'virtual-network-name' name: 'virtual-network-peering-name') do
  it { should exist }
end
```
```ruby
describe azure_virtual_network_peering(resource_id: '/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroup}/providers/Microsoft.Network/virtualNetworks/{vnName}/virtualNetworkPeerings/{virtualNetworkPeeringName}') do
  it { should exist }
end
```
## Parameters

| Name                           | Description                                                                                                      |
|--------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | resource_group                 | Azure resource group that the targeted resource resides in. `MyResourceGroup`                                    |

Reviewer 2: Do we need to add 'name' next to resource_group?

Author: Its just resource group written for other ones as well.

| vnet                           | Name of the Azure virtual network that the virtual network peering is created in. `MyVNetName`                   |

> | name                           | Name of the Azure virtual network peering to test. `MyVirtualNetworkPeeringName`                                 |

Reviewer 2: The field name is 'virtualNetworkPeeringName', rite? Pls confirm?

Author: It's just 'name'. https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/virtualnetwork/virtual-network-peerings/get#virtualnetworkpeering

| resource_id                    | The unique resource ID. `/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroup}/providers/Microsoft.Network/virtualNetworks/{vnName}/virtualNetworkPeerings/{virtualNetworkPeeringName}` |

Either one of the parameter sets can be provided for a valid query:
- `resource_id`
- `resource_group`, `vnet` and `name`

> ## Parameters

Reviewer 2: Is this heading meant to be 'properties'?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Properties
```

Author: fixed
